Tor  support for blockchain watchdogs (#1907)
ACINQ/eclair: docs/Tor.md

features from using Tor, use both.

Note, that bitcoind should be configured to use Tor as well (https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Setting_up_a_Tor_hidden_service).

### Blockchain watchdogs

Eclair version 0.5.0 introduced blockchain watchdogs, that fetch bitcoin headers from various sources in 

> order to detect whether the node is being eclipsed. Eclair supports four sources atm:

Reviewer: nit: we should avoid acronyms:
```suggestion
order to detect whether the node is being eclipsed. Eclair supports four sources at the moment:
```

* blockchainheaders.net
* blockcypher.com
* blockstream.info
* mempool.space

Once `eclair.socks5.enabled` is set to `true` blockchain watchdogs connect to their respective sources over Tor.

The most Tor-friendly sources are `blockstream.info` and `mempool.space` since they have native onion endpoints for their APIs.

Tor support for `blockchainheaders.net` is not implemented (yet), so it gets automatically disabled when `eclair.socks5.enabled = true` to protect user's privacy.

`blockcypher.com` can be flaky when used over Tor. It imposes rate limits and sometimes (rather often in fact) requires solving CAPTCHA.
If you experience similar troubles with `blockcypher.com` use this config parameter to disable it:

```
eclair.blockchain-watchdog.disabled-backends = ["blockcypher.com"]

> ```

Reviewer: I think it would be even more useful if we exposed an `enabled-backends` list instead.
Let's put all supported watchdogs in the default configuration, and users can override this to use whatever subset they like.
